How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By showing the original and new files in line with each other. By picking
	out only the lines of the files or pieces of code that were had changes and
	showing both versions it allowed me to easily spot where changes had been 
	made.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having access to the entire history shows the development of the project
	over time. It will also allow me to roll back to previous versions with-
	out having to rewrite them entirely. Deprecated functions can also be b-
	rought back if needed without having to rebuild them.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros:
	- Commits are logical, attached to changes that aren't too big or small
	- Commit history won't get cluttered
	- Commits won't be made in middle of building something
	
	Con:
	- User error, waiting too long or committing too often.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs isn't generally used for interelated files or project that requ-
	re them. Git repositories are code projects using multiple files where a si-
	gle change may require changes to multiple files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log gives a reverse chronological order of the repository which acts as
	a history of the project. Each commit has a commit id which. Using git diff
	id1 id2 gives the changes from the first to second commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It will allow me to easily roll back to previous versions of codes and disc-
	over where bugs have been introduced to the code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use git to manage version control for my projects. I also want to
	use github to develop a portfolio of projects to start a programming career.
